Take screenshots (#1793)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/partials/generic-ui-steps.adoc

When I click on element located `By.id(a-z)`
Then elements located `By.xpath(//span[@id='item-to-purchase'])` are sorted by text in ascending order
----

=== Take a screenshot

==== *_Info_*

> Takes a screenshot to a default screenshot folder defined by property `ui.screenshots.directory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes a screenshot and saves it to the default folder defined by the property `ui.screenshots.directory`.
```

> [TIP]
> Full path to a screenshot will be posted to logs and allure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: The full path to the screenshot is posted to the logs and the report.
```

[TIP]

> Screenshots directory should be defined relatively of project root

Reviewer: is it really required? absolute path is not allowed?

==== *_Wording_*

[source,gherkin]
----
When I take screenshot
----

==== *_Usage_*

.Take a screenshot
[source,gherkin]
----
Scenario: Take a screenshot

> When I take screenshot

Reviewer: it seems the example is not needed here

----

> === Take a screenshot to a path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Take a screenshot and save it to the folder
```

==== *_Info_*

> Takes a screenshot to a path defined by user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes a screenshot and saves it to the default folder defined by user
```

> [TIP]
> Full path to a screenshot will be posted to logs and allure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: The full path to the screenshot is posted to the logs and the report.
```

==== *_Wording_*

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I take screenshot to path `$path`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When I take screenshot and save it to folder `$path`
```

----

==== *_Parameters_*

> . `$path` - absolute path to a screenshot file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. `$path` - an absolute or relative path to the folder to save taken screenshot
```
